Red Dirt Sports Bar Operations System combines a Python desktop application, an SQLite operational database, and a Power BI reporting suite.
The dashboard opens on the latest available business date, with sales, transactions, average ticket, active inventory, low stock, and recent purchase orders visible from the live database.
Transaction entry is designed like a focused point-of-sale workflow. Staff can choose an employee, search menu items, build a cart, review tax and tip, and confirm the final total.
Inventory management brings search, category filters, low-stock visibility, reorder thresholds, item details, and ledger-backed adjustment controls into one local screen.
Menu and recipe tools connect prices, active status, ingredients, and inventory usage, so reporting and stock movement stay tied to the same operational model.
Purchasing tracks vendors, purchase orders, order status, item quantities, receipt workflow, and order totals without moving the workflow into cloud software.
Employee records support the transaction workflow while keeping active status and role information available for operations reporting.
The SQLite database is the local source of truth for transactions, line items, inventory, recipes, vendors, purchase orders, employees, events, and operational exceptions.
The Power BI report uses a separate reporting copy for portfolio safety, turning the operating records into executive, product, inventory, employee, purchasing, movement, and financial views.
The system screen exposes practical local tools: connection status, database information, backups, integrity checks, foreign-key checks, and CSV exports.
The architecture stays intentionally simple: Tkinter for daily operations, SQLite for local structured data, and Power BI for management reporting.
Orahood Custom Business Solutions builds local systems, custom business workflows, and operational reporting around how a business actually works.